so hello everyone I'm so darlin from Old
Dominion University and this is today
I'll be talking about supporting web
archiving we have a packaging this was a
position paper we wrote recently for the
escape workshop of internet architecture
board and they were trying to
consolidate opinion and you know about
web packaging its impacts how the the
publishing industry and distributors
like search engines and social media and
all where this will shift the power game
and web packaging as you know is kind of
an evolution from Google's amp project
but it is more extreme terrorised
they're still evolving not fully
supported in any browser so this we saw
a big opportunity in web packaging for
web archiving and we thought we'll write
a position paper and see however in its
current form it's not suitable for web
archiving so we suggested some changes
and we'll go through those things in
this slide so to briefly summarize what
web packaging is so there are there are
a few aspects in web packing one is
bundling and the other is signing there
is the third aspect which is loading
which is purely on the client side
basically how to treat these bundles and
how to load them so that one is an
extension of like the fetch API
now what bundling is it allows you to
package multiple HTTP request and
response entries which they call
exchanges HTTP exchanges from more than
one origin
together in a single bundle and deliver
it as as a single resource which can
then browser unpack it Lord all the
resources in a temporary cache and in
the subsequent calls it can serve from
that particular cache if the resource is
not found in the bundle then it will go
on the live side to fish that now the
cool thing about bundling is if the
bundles say it this resource came from
original a then the browser will believe
it came from origin a and then that
doesn't need to be any rewrite or
anything the way it is done in amp URLs
where you know and side from cnn.com
appears to be coming from google.com
which won't be the case in this case now
how trustworthy will that be if the
bundle says it is coming from origin a
do we believe it it's same as if you
were using a proxy and you were using
HTTP your proxy can respond resources on
behalf of any origin anything it can
change it to anything and you're gonna
believe it now then they introduced
HTTPS to ensure you know no one in the
middle have seen what's coming on the
wire or and you trust that it is coming
from the origin you're talking to so to
bring that trust there is signing that
was included now signing is different
from encryption because encryption is
more like one-to-one where the client
and server meet in time and they ago she
ate on its shared key which is then used
for encrypting resources in signing we
trust that the resource indeed is coming
from the same origin but it is in plain
text
anyone can see in misrata so it's more
useful for publicly accessible resources
not something where you exchange your
credit card information for example
so so going back to web archiving here
is a simple web page that I created last
year or this implies of summit and this
simple HTML page includes two external
resources a stylesheet and a logo in
link and image tag respectively and
there are some hyperlinks as well on the
stage now when we try to archive this
capturing this HTML source is
insufficient so what we do is we try to
archive HTTP headers as well as the
payload now combine HTTP header and
payload give more information at replay
time and also the corresponding HTTP
request record that was made to get this
this response from the server that is
also preserved and all these things are
preserved in a file called war file and
what files have different record types
so the one that we are illustrating here
on the right hand side is a response
which I hate interrupted I think we
might not be seeing the right screen oh
[Music]
do we see now yeah I think that's better
yeah all right so so so let's quickly go
back to other slides so this was the
packaging side this was the slide where
I talked about an HTML page and how the
illustrated his source code and and in
there I highlighted the two resources
that were linked and then now I was
talking about work records basically so
on the left hand side we have HTTP
headers in payload that was
responsible for that HTML page we just
Illustrated and this whole thing is put
together in a work record and since it's
an HTTP response we call it HTTP a
response type of work record and in what
what it is like the same way we have
payload on top of that we have HTTP
headers we have some extra headers we
call it work headers and this whole
thing combined is known as one work
report basically and there are many work
record types there is response type
there is request ID there is for info
type and there are some resource side
there are seven or eight different types
defined in what specification so a work
file is basically a concatenation of
arbitrary number of these records and
then it is indexed outside using the
original URI and the date/time when it
was preserved and this is how web
archives basically serve so they have
these work tiles collected in they
quickly read the data from here from
this and do some rewriting and server so
it's coming back to the crawling process
of the bar cotton currently the most
popular and de-facto tool that is being
used for any large-scale archiving is
called heretics that was built by
Internet Archive then so there was a
research done in 2015 where phantom
ga.js used to be the the well-known
headless browser so what we realized is
like if we use W gate or hare traits we
miss a lot of resources things that are
of the default representation which they
only appear when the page is properly
rendered and some JavaScript is executed
so more resources are being requested
and those things will not be crawled if
you were to use W gate or some
other tools like that heretics did a
better job of identifying such resources
but was still not executing jostling
signatures in JavaScript for resources
so if you were to use something like a
headless browser you would be able to
discover more resources and we'll have a
better a more complete archival but the
problem was using phantom JS we were
able to discover 75% more resources but
it was an order of magnitude slower than
heretics so so what we believe is if the
web adapts to the packaging and they
start using it and they package their
their web pages sorry not the entire web
but a part of it so for for that
particular section of the web crawling
will be easier because we'll be
downloading one bundle and we'll be
getting all the necessary resources for
one or more pages that were bundled
together and we'll rely on the server
itself that they know better what
resources are needed for the key pages
and they bundle them properly and in
this case we'll avoid scraping through
the HTML and CSS and executing
JavaScript to find out all the resources
because we assume that the server has
done their job for us and there will be
just one request made and we'll get
numerous resources bundled in there so
so however archives replay they
basically they take the originally
archive resource from work file and
rewrite all the links in hyper
references and everything so that those
links do not point to the live web or to
wrong URL
they always point to an archived version
of those resources so for example the
stylish dot CSS is now changed to slash
web slash a 14 digit number followed by
the original domain and so on the whole
thing this is all so that the browser
next time when it is looking for its
got CSS file it's not looking for a
random style but CSS file words getting
from the web archive itself and this is
called URL rewriting this is kind of
necessary the problem is when the
resources are injected using javascript
for a server to identify properly which
URLs to rewrite is become becomes
difficult and for that there are two
tools like a client-side solutions like
you inject a JavaScript here which kind
of traps all the traffic and tries to
rewrite or read out those those things
are on the client-side itself and one
such solution was something that we
published last year or the year before
it's called reconstructive and it is
used in IP way back our way back system
that uses IP IP FS and illustrated in
the corner below it it injects a banner
and it tries to trap so in the figure
above what is shown is like there was an
image that was supposed to come from
external example dot net but the
serviceworker that we installed kind of
trapped that request and said hey don't
go to external that will be live leakage
we don't want life's resources in in an
archive page so then it will
strategically reroute it to archive and
then ask the browser to request from
their target style so in this case
rewriting was not needed it was trapped
when the request was being in then there
is Ilias proxy based solution that is
being used in old web da today where a
web browser is run in a container on a
remote server which is configured to use
an archival proxy so if you see in this
screenshot the page is coming from the
original domain inside but that is
actually talking to a proxy and the
proxy is smart enough to realize are you
are looking for an archival copy so I
will read out it to corresponding
archived copy so internally the
the proxy is accessing from an archive
but not telling the browser that is
coming from an archive now this is the
kind of behavior we'll be able to
exhibit if we were to use their
packaging because then we can store
bundles for create bundles ourselves in
web archives and deliver that in the
browser will believe like this is how
the web is or it was so the rewriting
part that was showing earlier here are
some killer situations where it goes
wrong so first thing is cookie
violations when we have couple of blog
post about it and in this case we were
seeing a Twitter page that was a mixture
of put the keys English and Urdu
languages so such a page does not exist
on the live side but this is how our kyv
serve you because there were some
cookies in play and they were mixing
resources in different languages and so
basically you are seeing a page that
never existed the second thing origin
violation and this is the situation in
cnn.com if you go to a recent copy luxe
last two two and a half years or
something like that in Internet Archive
and try to access those cnn.com landing
pages
they'll be blank and the reason is there
is a piece of JavaScript that says if
origin equals cnn.com then do these
things and render the page and since
archive page is served from Internet
Archive so the origin changed now that
piece of JavaScript if Clause will come
into where it will not let anything
render the third temporal violation in
that case basically because different
resources were captured at different
time the the weather page tells a
different story in the text form tells a
different temperature and condition of
the weather but the satellite imagery
does not agree with that because it was
like weeks or days apart from so the
state of the resource was changed by the
time word catcher and was not consistent
the fourth
his life leakage and we call it zombies
and here depending on where it was
accessed and off so the second term when
the Barack Obama was you know going for
the second term election what happened
is there was an ad which was live lead
at that time from the live web and is it
appeared to be prophesizing the outcome
of the first election result because the
ad was recent and the page wasn't passed
basically so as if somehow this page
knew Barack Obama is going to be elected
as in the first term so these kind of
situations happen in web archive all the
time where you see pages that never
existed and we want to avoid these
things and we think the packaging has
potential to to deal with these problems
now the problem with web packaging right
now is they favor recency so if there is
a resource save cnn.com slash logo dot
PNG well and if there are multiple
copies of that in the browser cache or
in bundle the browser will use the most
recent version and that's the one it
will serve that that goes against web
archiving we want particular to snapshot
in the past and it does not allow
currently that thing now one way to
solve that problem is somehow magically
if it has momento time gate support
which is a standard protocol already
utilized by a different web archives and
it was illustrated in here that would be
cool but we have a different solution
for that and that is adding a couple of
you know headers so for example server
tells browser that head unpacked this
bundle in a cache namespace by the name
I provide and in this case it is a
string to 2000 1907 but it could be any
small string or like an a4 back string
that that browser
reads that and says okay we'll create a
cache with that name and unpack all the
resources and then the server also tells
exchange loading policy and says bundle
only which means if you do not find
resources in this bundle do not in this
cache do not look anywhere else do not
look in any other cache do not look live
just returner you know network error or
ask bad form or bundled resources or
something like that now this is not
something that is supported right now
but this was one puzzle that we kind of
put forward that will solve our archive
it a curricula problem now so moving on
to the next problem
right now archives do not have a way
technical means to say this content
indeed came from said origin and no one
modified its original and here is a
story that we've logged about recently
so giant read she recently claimed that
copies of her blog post in the Internet
Archive were modified or hacked or
something like that and because it was
like a decade old captures of her plot
post where she posted some homophobic
material and so she was denying the
ownership of that now Internet Archive
denied it publicly in the wrote a blog
post about it again they did not have a
technical mean to prove it but they
basically said it and that's how they do
it in when they are summoned or
something there is a someone from the
archive goes and as a personnel and
tells like yes in the court of law
basically they say no this is the
situation now we wanted him technical
means to prove it so that we don't
involve personal in that and and I think
signed exchanges will be great to have
in those bundled resources and that way
we'll be able to prove now the current
problem of scientists changes is it does
not last for too long like hardly for
seven days or something like that
so we have some solutions to to make it
last longer and that is basically some
of them involved like you know utilizing
so I think I was ahead ok so then so
here we we think we can fix that problem
using temporal valuations of sign
exchanges and temporal validations means
rather than saying this is a signature
is valid or invalid you say in a
historical context you say this
signature would have been valid if it
was checked back in time as reported by
the date header and women to date time
headers basically so we call a temporal
validation and basically the new state
will be called temporally valid now if
it is not temporary when it that's fine
too and in order to you know elongate
the the signatures we have some position
for that but right now we can use
certificate transparency logs and some
other systems that that now exist they
were not there in the past so we have
infrastructure to somehow push this
forward now with all that we would also
like browsers to have native support for
momento or at least they acknowledge
that resource that is being seen
whether it is coming from an archive
that is coming from a bundle or locally
captured mhtml file or something in all
those cases you would like browsers to
acknowledge that this is an archive
resource and here we have illustrated
basically when I think where we use the
chip of the address bar to expose more
information about the archive web page
so to wrap up the packaging has a unique
opportunity to devise the technology
that supports the archiving and provide
some much-needed capability to verify
the integrity of about that archive
resources and we are looking for four
aspects like with the effect
Bundle next HTTP exchanges will get
efficient and coherent crawling this is
not something that we are fighting
anymore because this is more if bundle
resources become a thing this will this
problem is solved already basically it's
just a matter of tools catching up and
bundling things properly
now timegate support or named caches for
loading that will be something that we
asked for and when that is done we'll
have temporally coherent replay and if
we also get temporally temporal
validation in signed exchanges we'll be
able to have non long-term fixity and
non-repudiation support and if native
momento support in browsers lands will
have a visual way to communicate that
the resources are tired so thank you so
much and a couple minutes that we have I
can answer any questions
so I have a question so the in the broad
web browsers do we really want to have
support in the web browsers for the
concept of archives and basically be
able to rewind time is that the sort of
core idea what's talking about this
thing I think so
yes we do the reason is because if we
are able to communicate this information
or some of the tools and controls that
we provide in the browser itself like
like in the banners and all they will be
surfaced off in the browser itself in
the toolbar and people will be more
acknowledged that the resource that they
are seeing is not live and we do not
want live in an archive web to be mixed
together that causes more problems than
not and so there is a battle going on
browsers we were pushing for this for
like decades now and there is excellent
support of momento InBev archives but we
wanted Wikipedia to adapt to that
because they are using their history
using their own mechanism we wanted it
to be used more standardized way and we
wrote add-ons and all which gone through
thorough review process and all and then
finally they decided not to deploy it
because they said hey browsers don't
support it and when we go back to web
browsers and say hey please support it
they say nah big sites like Wikipedia
don't support it so there is
chicken-and-egg problem here still
firing so this is this will be fantastic
because if we get this bundling support
and all these archives can bundle things
and they can nicely put the entire
bundle in say ipfs and it becomes
independent of where the resource is
being served from it can move around and
then deliver it from anywhere
the browser will would treat the whole
page not a single resource but the
entire page with all the page requisites
and replay nicely as if it is coming
from thee now if you are serving saying
this is cnn.com you need to have some
way to say this is not cnn.com now this
was cnn.com as it appeared ten years ago
or something like that right and that's
where I think the support in web
browsers natively will will come in
handy okay thank you so I think we're at
the time so sorry I started a bit late
and left Listeria yeah thank you so much
coming thanks